# Here is a set of mappings of domain names onto employer names.
keithp@keithp.com Intel
krh@bitplanet.net Intel
jbarnes@virtuousgeek.org Intel
chris@chris-wilson.co.uk Intel
jeremyhu@apple.com Apple
yunmao@gmail.com AT&T
rafadurancastaneda@gmail.com BVox
mikal@stillhq.com Canonical
smoser@ubuntu.com Canonical
zulcss@ubuntu.com Canonical
ap@pilotti.it Cloudbase
pekowski@gmail.com Dell
andycjw@gmail.com Delta
thingee@gmail.com DreamHost
t.trifonov@gmail.com Everbread
lyz@princessleia.com HP
robertc@robertcollins.net HP
clint@fewbar.com HP
do.khai@gmail.com HP
andrew@linuxjedi.co.uk HP
joe.gordon0@gmail.com HP HP
duncan.thomas@gmail.com HP
kiall@managedit.ie HP
devananda.vdv@gmail.com HP
zaro0508@gmail.com HP
shrewsbury.dave@gmail.com HP
j3p0uk@hotmail.com HP
me@mark.atwood.name HP
SlickNik@gmail.com HP
simon@mccartney.ie HP
cmsj@tenshu.net HP
anteaya@anteaya.info HP
greg@greghaynes.net HP
matt@mattfarina.com HP
jp@jamezpolley.com HP
steven@wedontsleep.org HP
gleebix@gmail.com HP
code@gentlydownthe.net HP
morgan.fainberg@gmail.com HP
jeblair@hp.com HP
juliaashleykreger@gmail.com HP
stephane@alum.mit.edu HP
kragniz@gmail.com HP
wchrisjohnson@gmail.com HP
bhuvan@apache.org IBM
cbkyeoh@gmail.com IBM
daisy.ycguo@gmail.com IBM
mordred@inaugust.com IBM
zxkuqyb@gmail.com IBM
ken.pepple@gmail.com Internap
amigliaccio@internap.com Internap
pothix@pothix.com Locaweb
jeffjapan@gmail.com Midokura
simplylizz@gmail.com Mirantis
yorik.sar@gmail.com Mirantis
e0ne@e0ne.info Mirantis
devin.carlen@gmail.com Nebula
gabriel@strikeawe.com Nebula
heckj@mac.com Nebula
ke.wu@ibeca.me Nebula
tres@treshenry.net Nebula
rushi.agr@gmail.com NetApp
salv.orlando@gmail.com Nicira
tushar.vitthal.patil@gmail.com NTT
morita.kazutaka@gmail.com NTT
jmckenty@gmail.com Piston
anne@openstack.org Rackspace
breu@breu.org Rackspace
cbehrens@codestud.com Rackspace
clay.gerrard@gmail.com Rackspace
corywright@gmail.com Rackspace
cp16net@gmail.com Rackspace
cthier@gmail.com Rackspace
darren.birkett@gmail.com Rackspace
dolph.mathews@gmail.com Rackspace
ed@leafe.com Rackspace
eday@oddments.org Rackspace
florian.hines@gmail.com Rackspace
github@highbridgellc.com Rackspace
greglange@gmail.com Rackspace
hugh@wherenow.org Rackspace
imsplitbit@gmail.com Rackspace
jason@koelker.net Rackspace
jcruz7@gmail.com Rackspace
josh@jk0.org Rackspace
mattt@defunct.ca Rackspace
mbasnight@gmail.com Rackspace
mike@weirdlooking.com Rackspace
msherborne@gmail.com Rackspace
naveedm9@gmail.com Rackspace
paul@openstack.org Rackspace
paul.marshall@colorado.edu Rackspace
philip.knouff@mailtrust.com Rackspace
rnirmal@gmail.com Rackspace
rconradharris@gmail.com Rackspace
syn@ronin.io Rackspace
thierry@openstack.org Rackspace
throughnothing@gmail.com Rackspace
yoga80@yahoo.com Rackspace
mark.washenberger@markwash.net Rackspace
P@draigBrady.com Red
zaitcev@kotori.zaitcev.us Red
julie.pichon@gmail.com Red
mnewby@thesprawl.net Red
peter.hutterer@who-t.net Red
learnerever@gmail.com SINA
pengyuwei@gmail.com SINA
siyingchun@sina.com SINA
ghe@debian.org StackOps
sorrison@gmail.com University
